Background

My name is Brett. I am currently a cybersecurity analyst and the company I work for has a lot of infrastructure inside Azure. I wanted to learn more about security inside Azure so I got a Azure Security Engineer (AZ-500) certification. While studying for the AZ-500 I noticed that labs were the best way for me to learn and remember all of the material. The problem was every time I wanted to set up some resources to practice with and try to secure them, it took forever to get them all set up. This led me down the rabbit hole of Terraform and (IaC). I downloaded Terraform on my computer and started messing around deploying resources with it and trying to deploy them with security in mind.

After figuring out a little of the basics of Terraform I wanted to get away from running it on my computer and try to start deploying it through Azure DevOps. I kind of figured learning more about CI/CD would be good since I don't get a whole lot of exposure to it at work and most companies are going to deploy all of their (IaC) through pipelines. So learning more about that process and how to secure it is probably good for my career. This is how I ended up here with a bunch of random Terraform files that don't really connect and a pipeline that I built with the help of a few people on YouTube and ChatGPT. 

This repository is basically just my playground to mess around and try to learn more about Azure, Terraform, and Azure DevOps. A lot of the code is not secure (on purpose) which allows me to integrate Checkov into the pipeline and scan for security errors. I am a big fan of basketball which is why my resources, users, and groups are based on the Warriors and Timberwolves. Yeah kind of dumb but it made it easier to name resources and remember them.

